# Pen Test Strategy

## Overview

## Steps
1. Get the Scope
    - This include a list of all apps that need to be tested.
3. Request credentials
2. Port and service scanning (via nmap, zap or burpsuite)
3. Go for the low hanging fruit
    - [Primary] misconfigurations & information leaks
    - [Secondary] CVEs

1. 
osint
    - any c-level, who they should attack.
nmap
    - dig nslook up , find the range of ips
    - look at the services that are listening
        - look at what is visible to an attacker (like ftp, telnet)
            - very rarely will you find smb

2. say you find ftp open how do we attack
    - try an login anonymously
    - see if you can generate a list of usernames
    - see if anything is valid

3. How do you figure out what the user names
    - use the combinations

4. Password spray
    - find if there is any leaked information via osints

5. Have Admin, how do we map the applicaiton
    - Check for vulnerable plugins 
    - test for server side template injecetion

6. How how do you check if it is templatized
    - figure out what language

7. How do you get domain admin
    - File reads (local file inclusion)

**Linux box has no AD**

8. See what other users are there

9. Enumerate the box for permissions

10. in Active Directory
    - Look for LDAP and Kerberos protocols (krbtgt)
    - Check for Kerberos pre auth
    - if LDAP anonymous bind. can enumerate users

11. Get a password from a user that has a crackable password. How do you get into main itself.

12. Golden ticket is generated by Kerb DDT & DA
    - You can reset Kerb DDT you have to reset it twice within 24hrs

13. Golden ticket can be persisten forever.
    - It's different from silver ticket because 

14. Silver ticket can be used for services